## Mapping of standards to a common BIDS Vocabulary/Ontology/well, reusable model/library
In the [Business Information Data Space](BIDS_Rulebook_v0.1.md), like in any data space, all data products need to be modeled using the same semantic foundation aka a common "ontology" or "vocabulary" that is based on concepts that the data space governance body has agreed upon. This ensures the semantic interoperability of all data products regardless of in what technical format they have been implemented or for what concrete business use they have been developed.
The mainstream approach to data space semantics is to refer to "standards" and their use as a solution for enabling both a common understanding and common formats for the data products. However, this is true only if there is only one acknowledged standard that all participants in the data space have agreed to use. In the BIDS context, the data space itself is extremely broad, since it encompasses all types of information that can be considered relevant for "business entities" and "busines activities". There are and will always be a huge number of conflicting artefacts describing sinimilar and sometimes even identical data constructs. From the BIDS perspective and specifically the perspective of a single actor involved in business activities, there's a need for a unifying view of the descriptions of data that is used, produced and exchanged in this context. 
How do we proceed with the creation of this unified view?
In the context of the BIDS, since it is a European Data Space, we should look for guidance in the DSSC Blueprint:
https://dssc.eu/download/attachments/357075098/image-20240214-145201.png
The different "standards" mentioned previously can in this context be seen as instances of different "vocabularies" that need to be mapped together into one "master vocabulary" for the data space.
